hi everyone welcome to the story about
in the coffee today we're going to make
kimchi Korean kimchi really nice really
this is not regular one that's very very
similar to the classical one so hope you
enjoyed idea and stay tuned
take napa cabbage this is about three
and a half pounds of cabbage and cut it
in the middle yeah very important that
you make sure that this part is very
clean and out of any discoloration if
not cut it through it and cut it very
thinly like so like I'm look at it and
this part I will cut to three parts I
want it very thinly like so try to cut
through the middle that it will hold on
together do the same to the rest of the
cable after you pre cut all the cabbage
wash it very thoroughly in very cold
water
this is daikon radish and carrot this is
about pound of daikon radish now my
deccan radish is long and thin because
it's organic you can find mostly that
the other kind it's fat and round it
doesn't matter which kind take daikon
radish and one pretty large carrot peel
those now you have two options you have
you can slice them to the thin sticks or
you can use something like this you see
and add those to the cabbage I know it's
pretty weird to do so but I love to do
it this way I have here three
tablespoons of pink Himalayan salt
and cover all of them leaves in Soul and
moosh it a little bit together like so
make sure that all the bits and pieces
will be covered with soul and then leave
it for hour and a half hour will be
enough because we cut a treatise thinly
and mix it in between like so meanwhile
here I have them daikon radish and the
carrot I made it in sticks as you see
here oh sorry this is the leaf that not
belongs to here and I'm adding one
teaspoon of Himalayan salt here as well
mix it all together and let it stand
same amount of time like you will give
to stand to the napa cabbage just mix it
occasionally like so for this sauce one
tablespoon of sugar I'm using the
organic coconut sugar so this is dark
one and tablespoon of sweet rice flour
or glutinous rice flour this is just
basically basically it's very fine it's
more like rice starch than flour and you
can bite everywhere and it's chilly
right so it's gluten free and what I'm
doing it's a little secret to avoid
lumps couple of tablespoons here inside
and mix it together with the water
like so you see it's going to be very
sick and very porridge-like
there are people that call it call it
even porridge so bream get to a boil and
mix constantly until it thickens and
then let it cool completely do you see I
brought it to a boil and it started to
be very thick so that's it take it out
of the heat and cool completely at this
point this is about hour into the
process and as you see it's free to
solve Jim already if you see here we
have tons and tons of juices coming out
and we want it because if it will be a
little bit too juicier it will be a
soggy afterwards this way it will become
crispy now I suggest go and wash the
salt out rinse it very well pretty well
you know if it's a little bit of salt
will stay not a problem do the same here
you see here you remember I saw that
without with the 1 teaspoon of salt and
as you see here you see the juices just
rinse a bit you don't have to take all
of the salt out leave a little bit take
green onion and cut them for about I
don't know inch or so yes this go is
another vegetables
if so lovely add those to the daikon
radish and carrot okay this is the sauce
when it's completely cooled you see how
thick it is so to the sauce add 10 and I
mean it's 10 garlic cloves you see all
of those I'm going to grade them and you
should add ginger this is about 2 inch
of ginger you can add more or less but I
have a lot of ginger so I see you after
the job is done
tablespoon of fish sauce you can add
more or less as you like to this add 4
tablespoon of chili powder you see you
can add up to 1 cup ice to recipes it's
up to you how spicy you want it and this
is going to be pretty spicy anyways it's
quarter cup like four tablespoons and 1
tablespoon I'm aging a paprika
this is sweet paprika I'm eating it just
for the color because it's bright orange
I want everything to be very bright and
orange so now mix all together it's dark
it's brownish in color but it's like
it's bloody brownish amazing
so this add to your vegetables and mix
everything very very very well
it's not phenomenal mix all together and
this is going to be based to our kimchi
too long
amazing
now cover all the leaves one by one with
this vegetables and sauce like so you
see I have here would say this part I'm
thinking there this with my hand and
just cover and everything inside and out
and this way all the parts will get the
sauce from kimchi then next and so on
and so forth you know transfer your
kimchi to glass or plastic container and
let it stand outside for 24-48 hours
now my house is very hot so 24 hours
will be okay and then I will take it
inside the refrigerator if your house is
cold then you can take it up to 48 hours
and it will be much sour if there is a
world you can start to eat it now by the
way it's pretty good now already oh and
don't forget to pop the lid on it's very
important for the fermentation process
this is 48 hours later let's try
it's spicy it's lovely I love all the
vegetables inside it's not overly spicy
so you love spicier and more cheesy for
short so I hope you enjoy them here and
don't forget subscribe write comments of
inches Victoria love you all next time
please support my channel by visiting my
shops the links are in description box
below you will find the recipes for
Halloween holidays and just for fun
the Hef kids books and the game as well
thank you for supporting me and my
channel love you all 0 max that